OSDOCS-18863 created zstream RNs for 4-21-8 (#109241)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-21-8.adoc

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.21.8 --pullspecs
----

[id="zstream-4-21-8-enhancements_{context}"]
== Enhancements

* With this update, support for the `kubevirt-csi-driver` on non-hosted control plane nested clusters using OpenShift Virtualization Virtual Machines (VMs) has been added through manual mapping annotations. The new manual mapping annotations are:

**  `csi.kubevirt.io/infra-vm-name` - the VirtualMachine name on the infra cluster representing the nested cluster's node

**  `csi.kubevirt.io/infra-vm-namespace` - the namespace name on the infra cluster that the VMs (representing the nested cluster's nodes) are running at
+

> (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-79038[OCPBUGS-79038])

Reviewer: This line should probably be indented more to the left, to apply to the entire main bullet, not the second subbullet. But not critical enough to hold up the merge over

[id="zstream-4-21-8-known-issues_{context}"]
== Known issues

> * On certain Telecom Grandmaster (T-GM) systems, an {product-tile} node reboot can trigger a change in the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) device name. This prevents the T-GM from achieving a locked state because the configuration points to a static, stale device path. To workaround this problem, omit the `ts2phc.nmea_serialport` setting from the `ts2phcConf` section of the `PtpConfig` resource. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-77750[OCPBUGS-777950])

Reviewer: Attribute typo, so this isn't rendering properly.

Also another typo in the link text

```suggestion
* On certain Telecom Grandmaster (T-GM) systems, an {product-title} node reboot can trigger a change in the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) device name. This prevents the T-GM from achieving a locked state because the configuration points to a static, stale device path. To workaround this problem, omit the `ts2phc.nmea_serialport` setting from the `ts2phcConf` section of the `PtpConfig` resource. (link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/OCPBUGS-77750[OCPBUGS-77750])
```
